# HackHer413 2024 Project **Cookr**

Being college students, a lot of us struggle with making the transition from dorm life to independent life due to the adjustments and skills one has to learn to accommodate to these new changes. The greatest challenge of them all is having the added responsibility of cooking and preparing food for yourself for each meal of the day which often leads to us developing unhealthy eating habits, affecting our mental and physical health and impacting our studies and work in the long term. Cooking is an incredibly hefty task to take on especially having been spoiled with #1 DINING for two years or more like we have. Thus, introducing Cookr! An app designed to be your sous chef in the kitchen, helping you with everything from meal prepping to the actual cooking of various cuisines... all specifically curated as per your taste.

Cookr's main goal is to be your partner in kitchen and make the whole process of cooking very seamless and simple. Once you've downloaded the app, simply create your personalized chef profile which includes filling fun facts about yourself and providing your preferences as to what kinds of cuisines you like and what your dietary preferences including allergies are. Then, based on your chef profile, you will get a personalized curated array of recipes to your taste and you can choose to "swipe right" or "swipe left" on them. Whatever recipes you have "swiped right" on, you can find in your cookbook section where you can refer to them at any point you chose to. You can select a specific recipe and will get detailed instructions on how to prepare it with meal prepping advice too!
